Array Methos in JavaScript : Array Methods in JavaScript are used to perform various operations on arrays. 
These methods are used to add, remove, and manipulate elements in an array. 
Here are some of the most commonly used array methods in JavaScript:
1. push() : This method is used to add one or more elements to the end of an array.
2. pop() : This method is used to remove the last element from an array.
3. shift() : This method is used to remove the first element from an array.
4. unshift() : This method is used to add one or more elements to the beginning of an array.
5. splice() : This method is used to add or remove elements from an array at a specified position.
6. sort() : This method is used to sort the elements of an array in ascending or descending order.
7. reverse() : This method is used to reverse the order of the elements in an array.
8. concat() : This method is used to merge two or more arrays into a single array.
9. indexOf() : This method is used to find the index of the first occurrence of a specified element in an array.
10. lastIndexOf() : This method is used to find the index of the last occurrence of a specified element in an array.
11. includes() : This method is used to check if an array includes a specified element.
12. join() : This method is used to join the elements of an array into a string.
13. slice() : This method is used to extract a portion of an array.
14. map() : This method is used to create a new array with the results of applying a provided function on every element in this array.
15. filter() : This method is used to create a new array with all elements that pass the test implemented by the provided function.
16. reduce() : This method is used to apply a function against an accumulator and each element in the array (from left to right) to reduce it to a single value.
17. every() : This method is used to test whether all elements in the array pass the test implemented by the provided function.
18. some() : This method is used to test whether at least one element in the array passes the test implemented by the provided function.
19. find() : This method is used to return the first element in the array that satisfies the provided testing function.
20. findIndex() : This method is used to return the index of the first element in the array that satisfies the provided testing function.